Just set them on the bar. Morn, no touching. You know what this is? Three cases of syrup of squill. No one has. There never was a drought on Balancar. It was all a ploy by their Agricultural Consortium. They've been stockpiling squill so they could drive the price up. I couldn't agree more. You see, I once did business with the nephew of the cousin of the stepsister of a friend of the secretary to the Consortium's chief accountant. Nephew, cousin, stepsister, friend. Yeah, that's right. And he told me, in passing, that the accountant had bought himself a very nice pair of Ferengi rain slippers. My thoughts exactly. So I set up a meeting with this accountant and I told him that he either provide me with a shipment of syrup, or I would expose their deception to the entire quadrant. Tomorrow morning, we are having a special on groatcakes, topped with syrup of squill. That is, for everyone who can afford it. What are you standing around for? Get these crates in the storeroom. This stuff is worth its weight in latinum. Which reminds me of another little economic episode of mine. It happened, say, oh, eleven or twelve years ago, shortly before I came on the station Yes, something's wrong. A bunch of self-satisfied Starfleet officers just stole my audience. There is on Ferenginar. The Nagus calling me now? He must have found out about the squill. I have to send him a jar. No, better make it a dozen. He loves squill.Oh, there you are. I've been looking all over the station for you. Rom, brace yourself. I have bad news. Our mother's been taken prisoner by the Dominion. It gets worse. The Nagus wants me to rescue her. Yeah. Uh oh is right. You mean, how do we plan on rescuing Moogie. Maybe he doesn't, but I do. Besides, Ishka's your mother too. I don't want to die either. So let's just concentrate on the reward the Nagus is offering. Fifty bars of gold pressed latinum. Which I'm willing to share with you. Absolutely. Thirty bars for me and twenty for you. It is when you include my finder's fee. They captured the transport ship she was on. Moogie's an exception. The Nagus gave her special dispensation to travel to Vulcan for her operation. She wanted to have her ears raised. That she was so vain? He certainly is. Brother, there's something I need to tell you It's about the Nagus and Moogie. They're lovers. It's been going on for over a year. She's his secret financial advisor. She helps him run the entire Ferengi Alliance. Would you stop saying that.We must have taken a wrong turn. Much better. You're right. We're going to need help. Shh. We don't need Nausicaans, Breen or Klingon. We'll just use Ferengi. No, we won't. Ferengi can be just as tough as Klingons. Of course they can. They just need the opportunity, the training, and a couple of bars of latinum as incentive. No, we'll split the reward with whoever joins us. All twenty bars of it. As far as anyone else is concerned, he said twenty. Now the only question is, who's our first recruit?Not to mention your Nagus. Forget it, Rom. Don't beg. Too bad, though. We were going to make you Strategic Operations officer. Exactly like Commander Worf. Think of it, Nog. You'll devise the tactics, come up with a plan of action. Turn us into soldiers. That's why we need you. Right now? Now remember, Leck is not your typical Ferengi. His priorities are different than ours. No you don't, but you will. I followed your instructions to the letter. It's not that kind of job. Shh. I'm putting together a little rescue mission and I'd like you to be part of my team. You'll be paid in latinum. All right, forget the latinum. I've been told you like the opportunity to test your abilities. Then you should know this. that the person we're going to rescue is being held by the Dominion. Should be quite a challenge. How the mighty have fallen. I hear you were arrested on Thalos Six for vagrancy. Lower the forcefield. (Quark grabs Gaila's lapels) Now what exactly is it you're going to do to me? Earn some latinum. Gentleman, please. Let's not squabble. We're a team, Nog. Stay out of this. Listen to me, Nog. You can't quit. This is not a game. We'll get one. I said we'll get one. We'll find one. I don't know. Think of it as a challenge. What do you want, Brunt? What? You think if you help save my mother, the Nagus will give you your old job back. We're not leaving. Not with you. The team has spoken. Don't move! You're surrounded. That's enough! Get out of here, all of you. You heard me. Go. We're wasting our time, Rom. We couldn't get anywhere near Moogie, let alone rescue her. And to think, just a few short days ago I was sitting on top of the world. The king of squill. You should've been there, brother. It was a very delicate negotiation. It could've gone either way. But I took my time, picked my moment, then went in for the kill. It was beautiful to behold. And then we make a trade. That way, everyone goes home happy. Captain, I can't thank you enough for all your help. Every negotiation has its share of danger, Captain. I guess it's time for me to pick up my prisoner. Neither am I.Everyone, this is Keevan. We're going to trade him for Ishka.  Rom, he doesn't care. OC]: Are you sure? He means the Infirmary. It's right over there. Two slips of latinum for the first man who makes it to the Infirmary. (off they run) I mean base camp. You do if they're Ferengi.Cousin! Good idea. How much is this going to cost me? Starfleet has really corrupted you, hasn't it? You could start by getting the external sensors back online. I want to know the minute a Dominion ship gets within ten million kilometres of this station. I'm sorry to hear about that, but it's not my problem. All I want is my Moogie back. Take him in the next room and see that he stays there. They've ruined him.What was that? The Vorta, where is he? The ship! Going someplace? That's because I had Rom disengage the induction matrix. Because sometimes my brother gets things wrong.All right, everyone relax. No harm done. We still have our prisoner. To the Infirmary! Me? Anybody there? Shh. Quiet. What if it's a trap? You think? Right. I'm coming. I'm coming! And you two are coming with me. Rom.I guess that makes this all worthwhile. All in good time. But first, I need some assurances. Well, for one thing, I don't want any Jem'Hadar soldiers on this station. If it makes you feel better, these two can stay. Hold on, I'm not done yet. Then you're going to tell your helmsman to head back to Dominion territory, warp nine. For a few days. That's the idea. You attack the Infirmary and Keevan will be the first to die. Maybe. But before he dies, I'll bet you'll want to know what Dominion secrets he's revealed to the Federation. Anything's possible. We can exchange the prisoners in let's say, half an hour? Yeah, that's blood all right. I don't think so. Family. You understand. Yep. That's what Rom said, twenty. I'm not trying to cheat anyone. Will you stop saying that. No one's hiding and no one's escaping, and no one's surrendering. What's wrong with you people? Have you forgotten the Battle of Prexnak? Ten Ferengi stood alone against two hundred and seventy three Lytasians. The point is, we Ferengi are just as tough as anybody in the galaxy. And this is our chance to prove it once and for all. It always comes down to profit with you people, doesn't it. And that's why I love you. Fifty bars it is, minus my usual finder's fee. Thank you, Doctor Nog. Are you thinking what I'm thinking? I'll try.Wonderful. Keevan. Right. Absolutely. He'll be right out. But first my brother has to run some sensor scans to make sure the Jem'Hadar have really left. I will, in a few minutes. No! I intend to. As soon as my brother completes his sensor scans. That goes for me, too. You see, we're all in agreement. One more thing. The prisoner exchange. I'd like for it to take place outside airlock three. Nothing, except my ship is docked at airlock three. You understand. Ah, well, a sign of the times.Nog, you've got five minutes. Yelgrun, you ready? On a count of three, we release our prisoners. Agreed? One, two three. Straighten him out, straighten him out. Would you please turn him off? We'll take him with us. He'll be our gift to Starfleet. They gave us a Vorta, we'll give them one. I know, I know. You hate us. You'll be the first one I call. (to Nog) If I even think about doing something like this again, shoot me. You tell me. You bet it does. 