Nog?  What's going on?,Commander, my name is Quark.  I used to run the local gambling establishment... this is my brother's boy... surely you can see that he only has a peripheral involvement in all this... we're scheduled to depart tomorrow...  if we could be permitted to take him, I promise you he will be severely...,Not going to leave... But we're all packed and ready to...,Why would you want me to stay?,I am not a thief.,If I am, you haven't been able to prove it for four years...,Me?  A Community Leader?,How could I possibly operate my establishment under Starfleet rules of conduct?,Commander, I've made a career out of knowing when to leave.  This Bajoran provisional government is far too provisional for my taste.  And when governments fall, people like me are lined up and shot...,What'll you have, Commander?,You won't like it.I love the Bajorans... such a deeply spiritual culture... but they make a dreadful ale.,Don't ever trust an ale from a god fearing people...,... or a Starfleet Commander who has one of your relatives in jail.,What do you mean?  You can't do this.,I intend to.  This is outrageous... my apologies friends... a minor misunderstanding that will be rectified shortly...,Give them something to put their winnings in...,New rules... ?,Very well.  Very well.  Perhaps we could discuss these new rules over a drink...,I love a woman in uniform..., Excuse me, but if you're done scaring my customers away, I'd like to reopen the bar., Thank you. Constable, it just occurred to me that if I knew in advance how long it would take them to catch you during the next drill... Well let's just say you and I could split a substantial profit., Think about it., is behind the counter, surveying his domain with a frown. A quiet bar is an unprofitable bar., Listen. Do you hear that?, Exactly. The ambient noise level in this room is less than thirty decibels. On an average day it's sixty-five. When there're Klingons in the room, it can go as high as eighty-five., Too quiet. Something is terribly wrong., I don't know. But have you ever met a quiet Klingon before?  And look at the way they're watching the room. It's like... they're picking out targets., Where are you going?,Don't do that., I don't want them to know we're on to them., What are you two doing? I'm telling you, the Klingons are up to something., They might be your allies, but they're not mine., Yeah. But will he tell me?,Just what this station needs ...another Klingon.,Let me guess, Klingon bloodwine., Prune juice?, If you say so.,Do you hear that, Chief? Seventy- two decibels. Music to my ears.,You want quiet, go to the Replimat. This is Quark's the way Quark's should be. The way it was meant to be. Am I glad we finally got rid of all those Klingons.,Present company excepted, of course., Ah, what do I care? All he ever drinks is prune juice., Help yourself. It's on the house.,I'm in an uncharacteristic mood. Besides, I've got eighty cases ofthis stuff sitting in my stockroom. And the way things are going, I'll never unload another bottle unless it's to you., I should've listened to my cousin Gaila. He said to me, "Quark, I've got one word for you... weapons." No one ever went broke selling weapons. But did I take his advice... No. And why not? Because I'm a people person. I like interacting with my customers. Like you and I are doing right now. Talking to each other, getting to know one another..., But when you're dealing in weapons, buyers aren't interested in casual conversation. They just want their merchandise... no questions asked. It's so impersonal., Exactly. So now Gaila owns his own moon, and I'm staring into the abyss.,  And the worst part is, my only hope for salvation... is the Federation., Here, I want you to try something for me., Take a sip of this., A human drink. It's called root beer., Go ahead. Aren't you just a little bit curious?, What do you think?, I know. It's so bubbly and cloying and happy., But you know what's really frightening? If you drink enough of it, you start to like it., Just like the Federation., I hope so.,Now what?,  The Klingons. First it was the  Cardassians, then it was the  Dominion, and now it's the Klingons. How's a Ferengi supposed to make an honest living in a place like this?, I'm not going to any emergency shelter. This is my bar. And I'm going to defend it., With this., No, this is my disruptor pistol. The one I used to carry in the old days, when I was serving on that Ferengi freighter.,  That's right, and every member  of that crew thought he was a food critic. If the Klingons try to get through these doors, I'll be ready for them., I'll kill him.,Heard anything from the Defiant?,My money says he did. We haven'tseen the last of that crazy Klingon.,They'll find him. It's just goingto take a while. You know whatit's like in the Badlands, there'sa lot of sensor interference.,What would you be able to do thatthey can't?,He'll be back before you know it.,Absolutely. The night before hewent on patrol, he brought theKoraga's crew in here and boughtthem three barrels of bloodwine.,And he didn't pay the tab. Youreally think he'd go toSto'Vo'Kor owing me money?,Exactly. He couldn't enjoy theafterlife knowing that I hadsomething over him.,You're up early today.,But this is a special day, isn'tit?,It's a good day to die.,But some days are better thanothers. Like today, forinstance. The day the Federation-Klingon-Romulan Alliance launchesits invasion of Cardassia. Thefinal push in the long struggleto rid the Alpha Quadrant of theDominion and save my bar in theprocess.,He did.,He's friends with Admiral Ross.Or maybe Sisko told him whilethey were having dinner. I don'tknow how he knows. He justknows.,Good guess, Morn. Today's theday...,Do you have any threes?,It's just not my game.,How about some tongo?,How could they? It's a Ferengigame.,I know, I know this place isperiod specific. For a hologram,you're not very accommodating.,I dropped by because I hadnothing else to do. My barhasn't had half a dozen customersall day. Everyone's off fightingthis stupid war.,They think they have it rough,they should try living my lifefor a day. The hospitalityindustry isn't for the faint-hearted.,That's right. But few peopleunderstand that. They think it'sone big, happy party. Theyforget that the person giving theparty never has any fun.       DEEP SPACE NINE:'What You... " - REV. 04/26/99 - ACT TWO      28., All I do -- all day long -- isgive, give, give...,You think so?,I just hope Nog and the rest ofthose heroic idiots come back inone piece..,I thought you said a bartender'slife was a lonely one?,Go fish.,Actually, I'm here for the-end-of-the-war-good-bye-Chief-O'Brien-good-bye-Odo-good-bye-Worf-party.,I don't see what's so great aboutit. Earth's nothing more than arotating ball of boredom. If youask me, you'd be better offstaying right here ---- and that goes for you two aswell.,Me? Not a chance. I just don'tlike change, that's all., I knew it!,When I saw the two of you slipout of the holosuite, I said tomyself, "That no-good,misanthropic, cantankerous,changeling is trying to sneak offthe station without anyonenoticing.",Well, it's not going to happen.,So now that I'm here... isn'tthere something you want to sayto me?,Such as, "Good-bye, you certainlywere a worthy adversary" -- ormaybe something with the words"mutual respect" in it...,No? What do you mean "no?",You're telling me that after allthese years... after all we'vebeen through, you're not evengoing to say good-bye to me?,I guess that's it then...,Hard? What are you talking about?That man loves me -- couldn't yousee? It was written all over hisback.,That'll be ten strips of latinum.,I know, I know -- I'll put it onyour tab.,Don't worry, it's guaranteed togrow hair within a week. Thoughif you ask me, that dome of yoursis hairy enough. Besides, hasn'tthere been enough change aroundhere already?,That's this week's bettingpool...,It's a wide open field. Justbetween you and me, the smartmoney's on Vedek Ungtae.,What are you talking about?,Fifteen days... can I bring myown pillow?,It's clear, it's clear.,It's like I said, the more thingschange, the more they stay thesame.